fix: the query string is repeated twice when enable http-to-https and append-query-string (#7394) (#7433)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/redirect.md

| Name                | Type          | Required | Default | Valid values | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|---------------------|---------------|----------|---------|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | http_to_https       | boolean       | False    | false   |              | When set to `true` and the request is HTTP, it will be redirected to HTTPS with the same URI with a 301 status code, contains the query string.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| http_to_https       | boolean       | False    | false   |              | When set to `true` and the request is HTTP, it will be redirected to HTTPS with the same URI with a 301 status code.  Note the querystring from the raw URI will also be contained in the Location header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

Author: Done

:::note

> Only one of `http_to_https`, `uri` and `regex_uri` can be configured.
> Only one of `http_to_https` and `append_query_string` can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only one of `http_to_https`, `uri` and `regex_uri` can be configured.
* Only one of `http_to_https` and `append_query_string` can be configured.
```

Author: Done
